'\" Copyright (C) 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. 
'\"
'\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
'\" you may not use this code except in compliance
'\" with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License
'\" at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
'\" 
'\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
'\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, 
'\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or 
'\" implied. See the License for the specific language governing 
'\" permissions and limitations under the License.
.TH check_cluster 1PG {{DATE}} OpenECOMP OpenECOMP
.SH NAME
check_cluster - check the state of the cluster
.SH SYNOPSIS
check_cluster [-d file] [-v] [-l] [-t timeout]
.HP 20
-d file
duplicate the status output to the given file
.HP 20
-l
do not check localhost first (and restarting the service if necessary)
.HP 20
-t timeout
set how long to wait when accessing the servers
.HP 20
-v
verbose
.SH DESCRIPTION
Loop through the nodes in the cluster, using pgwget to determine how many are
masters, secondaries, in maintenance, or not up.
Complain about certain situations.
If there are multiple masters, and this not the first master in the list, then:

run pg_ctl_restart

to prevent /ro from returning true
.PP
When \-d is used, the filename will have ".tmp" appended, writing the output to that temp filename, and then renaming the ".tmp" file to the given filename.
